# 华人神器

- proxyman
- [解析json生成model模型](https://quicktype.io/)
- UI问题
- This app is not allowed to query for scheme xxx
- 支付
- 状态栏
- UICollectionViewCell选中
- file too small (length=0)
- 上传包的时候报 `Cannot proceed with delivery: an existing transporter instance is currently uploading this package`错误
- vpn App审核2.1被拒
- vpn APP审核第三次被拒
- 更改微信appID的时候还要更改appsecret
- 上线检查
- tableviewHeader 高度自适应

## UI问题
|  问题   | 解决  |
|  ----  | ----  |
| 字体的内边距  | 字体的内边距一般要累计-1 |
| 设计图的尺寸和项目里的缩放因子的分母  | 项目里的缩放因子的分母要和设计图的大小是一致的 |
|字体大小的缩放|缩放因子要用H来做分母|

## This app is not allowed to query for scheme xxx

### 原因

从iOS 9 开始，涉及到平台客户端的跳转，系统会自动到 info.plist 下检查是否设置Scheme。如果没有做相应的配置，就无法跳转到相应的客户端。因此如果客户端集成有分享与授权，需要配置Scheme白名单（LSApplicationQueriesSchemes）


### 解决

1. 在 info.plist 增加 key：LSApplicationQueriesSchemes，类型为NSArray。
2. 添加需要支持的白名单，类型为String。

> 微信的跳转
> ```
><key>LSApplicationQueriesSchemes</key>
><array>
>    <string>weixinULAPI</string>
>    <string>weixin</string>
>    <string>fb-messenger-share-api</string>
></array>
>```

## 支付

### 支付宝和微信的流程

1. App 发起一笔支付交易，然后服务端根据支付宝的要求把订单信息进行加密签名
2. 服务端把加密的交易信息返回给 App，App 拿到交易信息调用支付宝的 SDK，把支付信息给到支付宝的服务端验证
3. 验证通过后，App 跳转到支付宝 App 或者网页版支付宝，用户使用支付宝进行支付
4. 支付成功后从支付宝 App 跳转回到我们自己 APP，我们在 App 里处理回调结果刷新UI等
5. 同时支付宝的服务器也会回调我们自己服务器，把收据传给服务器，支付宝服务器会一直回调我们的服务器直到我们的服务器确认收到收据
6. 我们的服务器收到回调确认之后，确认订单支付成功
为了以防万一，App 上回调返回成功之后我们还需要去自己服务器验证是否真的支付成功（一切以服务器为准）

### IAP流程

1. App 发起一笔内购支付，然后服务端生成一个订单号并且返回给 App
2. App 拿到交易订单之后调用 IAP 创建一个 IAP 交易，并且添加到支付队列
3. 然后 IAP 会调用 Apple ID 支付页面等待用户确认支付，IPA 和苹果自己的 IPA 服务器通讯，回调购买成功，并且把收据写入 App 沙盒
4. 然后 App 去沙盒获取收据并且上传到自己的服务器
5. 服务器去 IAP 服务器查询收据的有效性并且对应到某个订单号，如果有效就通知 App，并且发放该内购商品，App 调用IAP 支付队列去结束该 IPA 交易

## 状态栏

### 启动期间状态栏的控制

设置路径
Targets -> 对应项目 -> General -> Status Bar Style

### 设置各个VC的状态栏是否相互影响

1. info.plist
2. View controller-based status bar appearance 属性
3. YES 每个VC的状态栏各自独立； NO 每个VC的状态栏互相影响

### 状态栏样式重写
```
@available(iOS 7.0, *)
    open var preferredStatusBarStyle: UIStatusBarStyle { get }
```

### 状态栏隐藏
```
  @available(iOS 7.0, *)
    open var prefersStatusBarHidden: Bool { get }
```

## UICollectionViewCell选中

选中和未选中样式

```
override var isSelected: Bool{
    didSet{
        if isSelected {
            //选中
        }
        else{
            //未选中
        }
    }
}
```

默认选中

```
var i = 0
self.数据组.forEach {[weak self] (m) in
    if m.is_default == 1{
        self?.cv.selectItem(at: IndexPath(item: i, section: 0), animated: false, scrollPosition: .centeredHorizontally)
    }
    i += 1
}
```
## file too small (length=0)

清除项目缓存

## proxyman

使用proxyman监控接口

## 上传包的时候报 `Cannot proceed with delivery: an existing transporter instance is currently uploading this package`错误

1. `cd /Users/clb/Library/Caches/com.apple.amp.itmstransporter/UploadTokens`
2. 删除里面的文件
3. 重新上传ipa包

## 注意

- 选择支持的设备 iphone 或 ipad
- 添加info.plist的权限描述
- info.plist里配置网络安全

## vpn App审核2.1被拒

Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed


Before we can continue the review of your app, we need additional information.

Next Steps

To help us proceed with the review of your app, please provide detailed information to the following questions. The more information you can provide upfront, the sooner we can complete your review.

- What user information is your app collecting using VPN?
- For what purposes are you collecting this information? Please provide a complete and clear explanation of all planned uses of this data.
- Will the data be shared with any third parties? If so, for what purposes and where will this information be stored?

Once you reply to this message in Resolution Center with the requested information, we can proceed with your review.

Guideline 5.4 - Legal - VPN Apps


We noticed your VPN app was submitted by an Apple Developer Program account registered to an individual, which is not appropriate for the App Store.

All VPN apps submitted to the App Store must be submitted from an Apple Developer Program account registered to a company or organization.

>需要公司账号
Next Steps

To resolve this issue, your app will need to be submitted by an Apple Developer Program account registered to a company or organization.

Resources

For information on transferring an app to another developer account, please review the App transfer overview page in App Store Connect Developer Help.

Guideline 5.4 - Legal - VPN Apps


This app is marketed as being able to bypass geo-restrictions or content limitations.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please ensure the app is not presented in such a way that it encourages users to bypass geo-restrictions or content limitations. As a reminder, all apps on the App Store must comply with the local laws for any territory in which they are made available.

## VPN 4.3

Guideline 4.3 - Design


We noticed that your app provides the same feature set as other apps submitted to the App Store; it simply varies in content or language, which is considered a form of spam.

The next submission of this app may require a longer review time, and this app will not be eligible for an expedited review until this issue is resolved.

Next Steps

- Review the Design section of the App Store Review Guidelines.
- Ensure your app is compliant with all sections of the App Store Review Guidelines and the Terms & Conditions of the Apple Developer Program.
- Once your app is fully compliant, resubmit your app for review.

When creating multiple apps where content is the only varying element, you should offer a single app to deliver differing content to customers. If you would like to offer this content for purchase, it would be appropriate to use the in-app purchase API.

Alternatively, you may consider creating a web app, which looks and behaves similar to a native app when the customer adds it to their Home screen. Refer to the Configuring Web Applications section of the Safari Web Content Guide for more information.

Submitting apps designed to mislead or harm customers or evade the review process may result in the termination of your Apple Developer Program account. Review the Terms & Conditions of the Apple Developer Program to learn more about our policies regarding termination.

### 解决

开始用个人账号上传,vpn不允许个人账号，换公司账号，个人账号没有删除app 造成4.3
删除个人账号app

## VPN 第三次被拒

From Apple

    2. 1 Performance: App Completeness
    2. 3 Performance: Accurate Metadata
    4. Design: Preamble

Guideline 2.1 - Performance - App Completeness


We found that your in-app purchase products exhibited one or more bugs when reviewed on iPad running iOS 14.3 on Wi-Fi.

Specifically, we were unable to complete the in-app purchase. An error message of failure payment displayed.

Next Steps

When validating receipts on your server, your server needs to be able to handle a production-signed app getting its receipts from Apple’s test environment. The recommended approach is for your production server to always validate receipts against the production App Store first. If validation fails with the error code "Sandbox receipt used in production," you should validate against the test environment instead.

Resources

You can learn more about testing in-app purchase products in your development sandbox environment in App Store Connect Developer Help.

For more information on receipt validation, please see What url should I use to verify my receipt? in the In-App Purchase FAQ.

Learn how to generate a receipt validation code in App Store Connect Developer Help.



Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed


Before we can continue the review of your app, we need additional information.

Next Steps

To help us proceed with the review of your app, please provide detailed information to the following questions. The more information you can provide upfront, the sooner we can complete your review.

- What user information is your app collecting using VPN?
- For what purposes are you collecting this information? Please provide a complete and clear explanation of all planned uses of this data.
- Will the data be shared with any third parties? If so, for what purposes and where will this information be stored?

Once you reply to this message in Resolution Center with the requested information, we can proceed with your review.

Guideline 2.3.10 - Performance - Accurate Metadata


We noticed that your app or its metadata includes irrelevant third-party platform information.

Specifically, your app includes Android references in the app binary.

Referencing third-party platforms in your app or its metadata is not permitted on the App Store unless there is specific interactive functionality.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please remove all instances of this information from your app and its metadata, including the app description, promotional text, What's New info, previews, and screenshots.



Guideline 4.0 - Design


Your app offers Sign in with Apple as a login option but does not use the appropriate Sign in with Apple button design, placement, and/or user interface elements. Specifically:

- The  Sign in with Apple says 苹果登录 but should use the following localized version: 通过Apple登录.

Next Steps

Please revise the Sign in with Apple buttons in your app so that they are compliant with the App Store Review Guidelines and the Sign in With Apple Human Interface Guidelines.

Resources

For information on implementing Sign in with Apple in your app:

- Review Displaying Sign in with Apple Buttons if your sign in process happens in a browser.
- Review the Sign in with Apple Human Interface Guidelines for an overview of design and formatting recommendations for Sign in with Apple.

Please see attached screenshots for details.

### 解决

- apple 登陆的button 按设计要求来
- 不能含有android，安卓等字

## VPN第四次隐藏内容被拒

From Apple

    2. 1 Performance: App Completeness
    2. 3 Performance: Accurate Metadata

Guideline 2.1 - Performance - App Completeness


We found that your in-app purchase products exhibited one or more bugs when reviewed on iPad running iOS 14.3 on Wi-Fi.

Specifically, we were still unable to complete the in-app purchase. An error message of failure payment displayed.

Next Steps

When validating receipts on your server, your server needs to be able to handle a production-signed app getting its receipts from Apple’s test environment. The recommended approach is for your production server to always validate receipts against the production App Store first. If validation fails with the error code "Sandbox receipt used in production," you should validate against the test environment instead.

Resources

You can learn more about testing in-app purchase products in your development sandbox environment in App Store Connect Developer Help.

For more information on receipt validation, please see What url should I use to verify my receipt? in the In-App Purchase FAQ.

Learn how to generate a receipt validation code in App Store Connect Developer Help.



Guideline 2.3.1 - Performance


We noticed that your app may contain hidden features, functionality, or content.

Specifically, your app includes AliPay (支付寶), which provides access to external payment mechanisms and enables the purchase of content, services, or functionality by means other than the in-app purchase API.

The App Store ecosystem is built on trust and users should never be misled about the apps they download. Attempting to hide features, functionality, or content in your app may lead to removal from the Apple Developer Program.

Next Steps

- Review the Performance section of the App Store Review Guidelines.
- Ensure your app, as well as any third-party code and SDKs in your app, are compliant with all sections of the App Store Review Guidelines and the Apple Developer Program License Agreement.
- Revise or remove any hidden features, functionality, or content in your app.
- Once your app is fully compliant, resubmit for review.

The next submission of this app may require a longer review time, and this app will not be eligible for an expedited review until this issue is resolved. If we misunderstood the intended behavior of your app, please reply to this message in Resolution Center to provide information on how the app is intended to work.

Resources

- Learn more about our policies for apps with suspected hidden features in App Store Review Guideline 2.3.1.
- Learn more about our policies regarding removal from the Apple Developer Program in the Apple Developer Program License Agreement.

Please see attached screenshots for details.

### 解决

- 图片名称有alipay 删除所有第三方支付相关的文字和图片
- iap分未sandbox 和正式的  前端区分后端也区分

## tableviewHeader 高度自适应

1. 约束要从上到下建立好
2. 代码
```Objectivew-C
let height = self.headerV.systemLayoutSizeFitting(UIView.layoutFittingCompressedSize).height
var headerframe : CGRect = self.headerV.frame
headerframe.size.height = height
self.headerV.frame = headerframe
v.tableHeaderView = self.headerV
```

## 上线检查

- version
- build 
- edit scheme -> release
- url host

